>> Brian Holt: So
let's do a jobs based one here as well.
So this would be very useful.
As you can see here,
Sonnet is doing just fine with this.
We are kind of being slightly wasteful
with how many tokens we're going at with
this cuz it's having to
do several API calls.
This would kind of optimize
that a little bit, but
not necessarily the reason
that I'm focused on this.
If you're working in AI, you just have
infinite vc, just go burn their money.
That's what I'm saying, right?
That's really what I'm saying is just
go burn your VC money with this.
Where this actually becomes very
useful is you're on an edge device.
It can only fit so
much space on this particular model.
It's a Raspberry PI,
it only has a couple of gigs of VRAM for
you to mess around with.
This becomes even more important so that
you guarantee that your job is getting
done correctly the same
way every single time.
Let's go, let's do that.
Yeah, the success in particular
is like night and day.
This went from never working with
the API based MCP server to working
every single time, right?
That's how big of the difference was.
So, we're talking about here how I
would decide to do something like this.
If I see people using the API
the same way every single time,
that's a good way to designate.
It's like, okay,
this is a something I need to go
build as a job into my MCP server.
So one of these things as the NEON product
manager of our MCP server is we saw a lot
of people trying to run migrations
through their MCP server.
And as we've discussed previously, LLMs
are just not good at managing database
structures and actually giving them
the raw capability of just doing it Yolo.
They'll just drop tables and
say, whoopsie, right?
I didn't mean to do that.
What do you want me to do now, boss?
Right, so we went and
built a tool for migrations so
that we could kind of control
some of that chaos, right?
So let's say that you're the product
manager of this particular issues tracker.
Let's say you see that people
are creating new bugs and
marking them as high priority.
And that continually happens again and
again and again and again.
Rather than making LLMs try and
go out and say, okay,
go fetch the bug's ID and
then create an issue with it.
Just make a create bug job, right?
And so
that it's just built into the server and
it just works every damn time, right?
That's my point here with job space.
Thing is like try and condense this
complex cascading effect of like do this,
then this, then this,
but don't do this first.
You have to do this one first.
And then to just like,
here's the job that you wanna do,
give me the information you need for
this job and just call it good.
There's not really any
code difference here.
This is just a mindset of how you
build these things differently.
Let's go.
And we can actually just copy and
paste this whole thing because I don't
really want to make you write it again,
which is to say that I don't
want to write it again myself.
We're going to say copy that.
We're going to go over to my VS code here.
Right here I have API based one and
I'm going to create a new file here
called Jobs based tools.JS and
just paste all that in there.
It works exactly the same way.
Job space tools, make requests.
That one exists in there as well.
We have a create bug.
A it creates a bug with new issue
with high priority and a bug tag.
There's create feature request,
creates low priority feature request and
update ticket status, right?
So let's say that I work with a bunch
of customer support people and
I just saw that this is all it was.
It was either feature requests or
bug statuses or updating tickets.
I think you could probably see that that's
probably where a lot of these could go.
I would just create these three tools and
not give them anything else, right?
As opposed to you get bad human actors
that might go in there and say,
I'm gonna create this as an urgent bug
because it's urgent to me and I'm gonna
assign it to you because I know you'll get
annoyed by this, that you'll go do it.
And then you can also guard yourself
against bad LLM actors of like they're
creating tickets willy nilly that
don't fit in any particular way and
they're not being assigned correctly and
all that kind of stuff, right?
So we did jobs here.
We're gonna just comment this one out and
say,
import jobs based tools
from jobs based tools.
And then I'm going to comment that out and
I'm going to say jobs based tools.
So instead of doing API based tools,
we're going to do job space tools.
We're gonna save that.
We're going to come into Claude here.
We're going to restart that.
Come back into Claude.
Now, if we look here at our tools,
we have the issues.
It has three tools.
Create bug.
Create a feature request and
update ticket status.
Create a feature request
to add Dark mode to the admin app.
Fill it out with a very
convincing monologue
about the dangers of white
light in your eyes and
how Dark mode is
the singular path to glory.
I have no idea what's
going to happen there.
Yeah.
So, I have to go get an API key.
[LAUGH]
Add dark mode of admin.
A critical enhancement for human survival.
This one's.
That's amazing that we both
know it should be critical.
This is amazing.
So let's go see what it
actually wrote there.
Man.
Every day countless administrators suffer
under the tyrannical glare of
our blindingly white interfaces.
Their retinas burn, their souls wither.
Their productivity crumbles like
ancient parchment in the desert sun.
Jeez, this wax poetic.
Dark mode is destiny.
Dark mode is excellence.
Dark mode is the way.
I'm just gonna put that as
my email signature anyway.
Okay, well, so you can see this is
obviously the best way to do MCP servers.
I have proven this now, right?
This is actually the best
way to do MCP servers.
Thank you, Claude, for your assistance.
Then let's add, so if we look at one
of the other ones we added here,
which is job space,
we had an update status here as well.
We need the ID here as well.
And here we can say,
please update Dark mode to done.
So it'll call our tool and we'll see.
You can get an amen [LAUGH].
Good Lord,
this is how I keep my job entertaining.
Praise the dark mode.
Praise to be the shadows.
The way has been illuminated
by darkness itself.
[LAUGH] Glory achieved.
I saved.
That's amazing.
Okay, so any questions about jobs
based on tools or anything like that?
Again, it's a paradigm shift.
There's no coding difference here.
It's just like a way about thinking
about creating these things.
This is probably one of the most important
things that I've learned in terms of just
like authoring MCP servers over the
year-ish that we've been supporting it.
It definitely will help.
And if you Google API based MCP Server,
there's a bunch of thought pieces on this
now as well because a lot of people are
hitting kind of the same results because
it's like a natural way to think about it.
It's like, it's just an API.
Let's just wrap our API in MCP server.
So don't do that.
>> Student: Can we think of jobs based
tools as more specific API based tools for
particular common use cases.
Or is there something more to them?
>> Brian Holt: One,
it's a term that I'm inventing.
There's no official capacity for this.
It's more just like working
backwards from what users want,
which is what we should be doing always,
but working backwards from what we
want an agent to accomplish with our.
In this particular case, again, if I was
building this for like a support center,
those are the things that I want them
to be able to do via this service.
So if I just give them an API based
MCP server, they're going to be
able to do anything the API can maybe,
if it succeeds, right?
Or I can work backwards.
Like they create feature requests, they
create bugs, and they update tickets and
that's all they want to be able to do.
Less tools, less room for
possibilities of going wrong.
It's just cleaner, it's better,
it succeeds more frequently.
You're less subject to the chaos of
the LLM, which is what you want, right?
So again, there might be
a better way of describing this.
Maybe not jobs based, but
the way I got that is jobs to be done,
which is a big framework for
creating product descriptions, right?
I just kind of worked that
into jobs based MCP servers.
>> Student: How do you structure your
MCP API surface for exploration,
for example,
when you don't know all the jobs yet, but
want to provide your company with
as many capabilities as possible?
>> Brian Holt: That's a good question.
I still wouldn't give it the entire
API because at that point you're still
kind of like subjected to all that
chaos and your LLMs are either going to
just waste a bunch of tokens or
they're going to just not be successful.
So more I would just go broad in terms
of here's all the possible things that I
would want them to be able to do and then
I would watch the usage of those APIs and
if you create one for auth issues and
no one ever reports any auth issues, one,
maybe they're just not being
able to log into the site,
which might be a problem itself.
But if no one's ever using
that particular tool,
then I'm at that point
might just go remove it.
I just go broad and have 20 tools and
then reduce it down to the seven
tools that actually get used.
Something like that.
We had a problem with that with the Neon
MCP server where we had one tool that we
wanted people to use, but the LLMs
are always selecting a different tool and
then composing that to solve for
the other tool.
And so
that tipped us off that the prompting for
the tool that we wanted people to
use just wasn't prompted very well.
So we went back and refined the prompt,
and then once we did that,
that everything worked well.
This all comes down to monitor and
observe how people are using your stuff.
Right.
That's critical.